Fix clobbering with multi-backend packaging (#504)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning: .github/CHANGELOG.md

### Improvements

> * Update setup to allows for sensible multi-package co-existence. The PennyLane_Lightning package now is the responsible for the core package and all other backend packages will depend on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Update setup.py to allow for multi-package co-existence. The PennyLane_Lightning package now is the responsible for the core functionality, and will be depended upon by all other extensions.
```
